[New Sample] Query Features With Arcade Expression (#698)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: search/query-features-with-arcade-expression/README.md

# Query features with Arcade expression

Query features on a map using an Arcade expression.

![QueryFeaturesWithArcadeExpression](QueryFeaturesWithArcadeExpression.png)

## Use case

Arcade is a portable, lightweight, and secure expression language used to create custom content in ArcGIS applications. Like other expression languages, it can perform mathematical calculations, manipulate text, and evaluate logical statements. It also supports multi-statement expressions, variables, and flow control statements. What makes Arcade particularly unique when compared to other expression and scripting languages is its inclusion of feature and geometry data types. This sample uses an Arcade expression to query the number of crimes in a neighborhood in the last 60 days.

## How to use the sample

> Tap on any neighborhood to see the number of crimes in the last 60 days in a callout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on any neighborhood to see the number of crimes in the last 60 days in a callout.
```

must resist autocorrect to neighbourhood... :D

## How it works

> 1. Create a `Portal` using the URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `Portal` using the URL.
```

2. Create a `PortalItem` using the `Portal` and ID.

> 3. Create a `ArcGISMap` using the `PortalItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create an `ArcGISMap` using the `PortalItem`.
```

> 4. Set up a listener for taps on the map.

Reviewer: can we elaborate here with a code snippet example? should also be `clicks` rather than `taps`, same for below

5. Identify the visible layer where it is tapped using `mapView.identifyLayerAsync()` and get the feature.
6. Create the following `ArcadeExpression`:
```java
var arcadeExpression = new ArcadeExpression("var crimes = FeatureSetByName(\$map, 'Crime in the last 60 days');\n" + 
  "return Count(Intersects(\$feature, crimes));");

> ```

Reviewer: ah I like this, but I don't know if our website will render this. best sticking with it in back ticks as we do our other code:

Maybe it could be something like:
```suggestion
`new ArcadeExpression("var crimes = FeatureSetByName(\$map, 'Crime in the last 60 days'); return Count(Intersects(\$feature, crimes));");`
```

6. Create an `ArcadeEvaluator` using the Arcade expression and `ArcadeProfile.FORM_CALCULATION`.
7. Create a map of profile variables with the following key-value pairs:
```java
var hashMap = new HashMap<String, Object>();
hashMap.put("$feature", feature);
hashMap.put("$map", mapView.getMap());

> ```

Reviewer: same comment as above. We don't need to go into too much detail in the readme since the user will look at the code. this could be summarised instead as something like below. Are $feature and $map arcade variables? 

```suggestion
Create a map of profile variables with $feature and $map as keys
```

> 8. Call `ArcadeEvaluator.evaluateAsync()` on the Arcade evaluator object and pass it the profile variables map.

Reviewer: since `ArcadeEvaluator` has already been "instantiated" above, it can be referred to here as below 

```suggestion
8. Call `arcadeEvaluator.evaluateAsync()` and pass it the profile variables map as parameters.
```

Assign the resulting `ListenableFuture<ArcadeEvaluationResult>` to its own variable.
9. Add an `addDoneListener` to the `ListenableFuture`.

> 10. Once the ListenableFuture is done, get the `ArcadeEvaluationResult` with `listenableFuture.get()`.

Reviewer: These can be shortened into one line: the instructions don't need to be so precise here

```suggestion
9. Once the `evaluateAsync()` has finished evaluating, get the `ArcadeEvaluationResult` with `listenableFuture.get()`
```

> 11. Get the result from the `ArcadeEvaluationResult` with `arcadeEvaluationResult.getResult()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Get the result from the arcade evaluation result with `arcadeEvaluationResult.getResult()`.
```
